Hi, I'm going to show you today how to
set up MCP in Warp uh so that Warp's uh
agent can access external data sources.
MCP is model context protocol from
Anthropic. It's a pretty easy thing to
set up in Warp. Let me first show you a
use case where it's not set up. So,
let's say I wanted to ask our agent to
tell me all the linear tasks that are
assigned to me. Uh you'll see right now
I don't have it set up and so uh there's
no it just can't answer the question. To
set up MCP what you you do in warp is
you go over to warp drive. You go and
scroll down to your personal section and
click MCP servers. Uh you can also get
to this by um hitting command P and
opening the MCP servers pallet. Either
will work. You can see I have a bunch
already configured and what I want to do
here is add a new one. So, I'm going to
get the JSON for it, which I have saved
in a file to open a file in Warp. Um, I
have this linear MCP JSON file. I'm
going to hit command O. I'm going to go
ahead and open it up. Here's what the
JSON looks like for it. I'm going to
click add over here and just copy paste
this in.
Click save. This will save the server
and it will also start it. You can see
now I have the linear MCP server
running. So let me go ahead and close
this and go ahead and try that same
query and it should be able now to use
MCP to answer it for me. So let me move
my face.
So you can see then it's calling uh the
MCP tool. If you want to see the actual
raw response as always in warp you can
click in see it. This didn't work.
Didn't find me. So, let's see if it can
Oh, found another person on my team,
which is fine.
I wonder why it didn't find that. Maybe
because I signed up with a different
address.
Ah, there we go. Found the correct user.
One of the cool things about our agent
is it's very good at selfcorrecting.
here. It's going to grab all of my
issues. There might be quite a few.
I can look in. Oh boy, there's a lot.
Okay, so here it is. So, very easy to
do. Uh, a couple other things to call
out. You can always stop the MCP server
by hitting stop. You can edit it by
clicking edit. If you have some error
with it starting, one thing that's very
cool and useful to do in Warp is you can
view the raw logs. So, this just starts
up a terminal session that tails the
logs of the MCP server. Uh in general,
these MCP servers will run until you
stop them. Uh including they will
maintain their running state uh when you
close Warp and reopen it. So have a good
time setting up MCP.